https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/Source/lib Base\Source\lib
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/Source/Bindings Base\Source\Bindings
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/Source/interop Base\Source\interop
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/Source/test/src Base\Source\test\src
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/Clients Base\Clients
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/3rdparty/AForge Base\3rdparty\AForge
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/3rdparty/EmguCV Base\3rdparty\EmguCV
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/3rdparty/OpenCV Base\3rdparty\OpenCV
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/3rdparty/NUnit.NET Base\3rdparty\NUnit.NET
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/3rdparty/NUnit.Silverlight Base\3rdparty\NUnit.Silverlight
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/3rdparty/Unity Base\3rdparty\Unity
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/3rdparty/Kinect Base\3rdparty\Kinect
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/Key Base\Key
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/zxing.sln Base
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/zxing.ce.sln Base
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/zxing.vs2015.sln Base
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/zxing.vs2017.sln Base
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/zxing.monoandroid.sln Base
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/zxing.monotouch.sln Base
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/zxing.nunit Base
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/THANKS Base
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net.git/trunk/COPYING Base
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net-WINMD.git/trunk/Source/lib WinMD\Source\lib
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net-WINMD.git/trunk/Clients WinMD\Clients
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net-WINMD.git/trunk/Key WinMD\Key
https://github.com/micjahn/ZXing.Net-WINMD.git/trunk/zxing.vs2012.sln WinMD